Structured index parsing to allow different parsers (#366)
tellor-io/telliot: docs/changelog.md

#### Changed
* [\#321](https://github.com/tellor-io/telliot/pull/321) Unified all configuration files. LoggingConfig and LogLevel now reside in the main config file.

> * [\#366](https://github.com/tellor-io/telliot/pull/366) Refactor `indexes.json` file (Renamed "jsonPath" -> "param").

Reviewer: This needs a bit better description. 
```suggestion
* [\#366](https://github.com/tellor-io/telliot/pull/366) Refactored the `index.json` parsing to be more flexible and allow using different parsers. With the notion of `parser` and `param` can allow combining different parsers and parsers parameters. The default is still `jsonPath`, but current users need to rename 	jsonPath` to `param` in their `index.json` file.
```
